README.md, before:

## About

Chrome Extension with abilities to encrypt and decrypt text.

## Build

Clone the repository, run `npm install` and then run `npm run build`. 

***Included scripts:***

1. **clean**: Delete the `dist` directory if it exists
2. **compile**: Runs the `build.cjs` file with node, which transpiles the typescript into javascript and bundles it all into `dist/content-script/content.js`.
3. **copy-assets**: Copies the remaining extension files, like `manifest.json`, the popup and icons to the `dist` directory.
4. **build**: Runs the above three scripts in this order.

*If you are not using windows, then you may have to change the behaviour in `package.json`.*

These can be run with `npm run <script>`.

## Usage

- Load it into your chrome-browser by visiting `chrome://extensions/`, toggling the "Developer mode" switch in the upper right corner, click the now visible "Load unpacked" button in the top left corner and select the `dist` folder.
- Select any text on any (non "chrome://" site) and a menu with en-/decryption actions should appear.

Commit message:

Added linux npm build commands
- modified copy.bat to use specified exclude file list
- added linux alternative to npm scripts in package.json
- updated readme

README.md, after:

## About

Chrome Extension with abilities to encrypt and decrypt text.

## Build

Clone the repository and run `npm install` and then `npm run build.win` / `npm run build.linux` in the project's root directory. 

***Included npm scripts:***

1. **clean.win** / **clean.linux**: Delete the `dist` directory if it exists
2. **compile**: Runs the `build.cjs` file with node, which transpiles the typescript into javascript and bundles it all into `dist/content-script/content.js`.
3. **copy-assets.win** / **copy-assets.linux**: Copies the remaining extension files, like `manifest.json`, the popup and icons to the `dist` directory.
4. **build.win** / **build.linux**: Runs the above three scripts in this order.

These can be run individually with `npm run <script>`.

Files excluded in the copying to the `dist` directory can be adjusted in `exclude-files.txt`.

## Usage

- Build the extension.
- Load it into your chrome-browser by visiting `chrome://extensions/`, toggling the "Developer mode" switch in the upper right corner, click the now visible "Load unpacked" button in the top left corner and select the `dist` folder.
- Select any text on any (non `chrome://` site) and a menu with en-/decryption actions should appear.
